                              Include Me - CTF Write-up
Author: Fatima Ezzaahrae Abouhafs  
Platform: HackerDNA  
Lab: Include Me  
Category: Web Security | Local File Inclusion (LFI)  
Date: June 2026

Objective: Identify the vulnerability and retrieve the hidden flag by analyzing how the web application handles file inclusion.
1. Initial Website Analysis
I accessed the web application and started with basic reconnaissance to understand how the application loads content and whether user input affects server-side file operations.
 
2. Discovering the Vulnerable Parameter
I tested URL parameters and discovered that the application uses a parameter named 'page'.
Example:
http://TARGET/index.php?page=test123.html
The application returned an error message showing:
Warning: include(test123.html): Failed to open stream
This revealed that PHP include() was being used to load files.
 
3. Identifying the Vulnerability
The application was vulnerable to Local File Inclusion (LFI) because user-controlled input was passed into the include() function without proper validation.
Concept:
include($_GET['page']);
4.Testing LFI Using /etc/passwd
After identifying that the page parameter was being passed into the PHP include() function, the next step was to confirm whether the application could read local files from the server.

The file /etc/passwd was used as a test file.
Why /etc/passwd?
The goal was not to find the flag inside this file. It was used because:
It exists on almost every Linux system.
It is usually readable by normal users.
It contains information about system users.
 
By requesting:
/index.php?page=/etc/passwd
and seeing the file contents displayed in the browser, it confirmed:
The application can read local files from the server
The Local File Inclusion (LFI) vulnerability exists
User-controlled input is being used insecurely in the file inclusion process
5. Exploiting the LFI Vulnerability
After confirming the LFI vulnerability, I attempted to include a local file from the server.
Payload:
http://TARGET/index.php?page=/flag.txt
 
The server successfully loaded the file and displayed the hidden flag.
6. Vulnerability Impact
Local File Inclusion vulnerabilities can allow attackers to read sensitive files from a server. Poor validation may expose configuration files, source code, credentials, or other sensitive data.
7. Key Learning Points
• User input must always be validated.
• File inclusion functions should not directly accept user-controlled paths.
• Error messages can reveal important technical details.
• Manual web enumeration is an essential skill in cybersecurity.
Tools & Techniques Used
• Browser
• URL parameter analysis
• Error message analysis
• LFI exploitation
• Web enumeration
